Yeah.
I was born in vietnam,
one of ten children.
My parents fled china to saigon.
When multitude came into power,
they built a very successful business.
But in nineteen seventy five,
the communists took control ofthe saigon in our lives changed
forever.
My father was interrogated and all his ss is
we were persecuted for being chinese and wealthy were had to
survive by selling or our belongings.
In nineteen seventy five,
i married and had two beautiful children.
Why my several attempts to escape the health that was i
gone my father,
mother and youngest brother,
fletcher to taiwan in nineteen seventy nine.
We escaped on a small boat cramped with three hundred seventy
five others.
We were as safe for five days when the boat sank.
Fortunately,
we were rescued and health as of refugees in chinese bamboo
hunts on an island in indonesia.
It was like living in a concentration camp,
but thankfully,
my children and sisters gave me the strength to survive.
Eleven months later,
we gained residency in australia after a
year in hostel with settle in kensington,
i've wanted as an interpreter at my kid's school.
Twenty three years later,
i'm still there as a bilingual texas system and the lover.
Settling in a new country has its hardships.
My husband and i drifted apart and i missed my mother.
It was heartbreaking not being with her when she was dying.
But australia has given me lots of opportunities.
I'm so proud of my children's of achievements
and was so happy when my father and brother joined us.
I have also met the love of my life king
in two thousand four.
Can an ivory change this icon?
This was the first time back since skyping
the trip was very emotional,
but it helped make clothes a difficult chapter off my life.
On valentine's day this year,
ken and i were engaged.
So now i start a whole new journey.